Grant Proposal: $2000 for attendee travel costs for a summit meeting
of grassroots "learn to code" organizations targeting
under-represented groups.

Grant Objective: All over the world, grassroots groups are trying to
fix the tech sectorâ€™s diversity problem. Whether they focus on women,
racial minorities, the elderly, LGBT individuals, or people with
disabilities, their goal is to foster diversity in tech.

We are organizing a meeting in May 2015 to give representatives of
these groups a chance to share ideas and make connections through
lightning talks, demonstration lessons, and tutorials on non-profit
governance, fundraising, and how to help people move from workshops to
contributing to open source projects and getting hired.  Several of
these groups (e.g., PyLadies) use Python in their teaching, and all of
them rely on open source tools of one kind or another, so we hope the
PSF will provide travel support to help two people attend.

Grant Size: $2000 total -- $1000 for each of 2 attendees coming from
out of state to attend the summit.  (Attendees receiving travel
support will be expected to pay all of their other costs.)

Grant Beneficiaries: We are an ad hoc group involved in groups of this
kind who would like to build ties and help others do so as well.  We
include Greg Wilson (Executive Director of the Software Carpentry
Foundation), Cindee Madison (leading the Women in Technology program
at NumFOCUS), Lukas Blakk (founder of the Ascend project), Leigh
Honeywell (of the Ada Initiative), Mike Hoye (Firefox Engineering
Community Manager at Mozilla), and Elizabeth Patitsas (a graduate
student at the University of Toronto who is studying the effectiveness
of initiatives to improve diversity and inclusiveness in computing).

Grant Follow-Up: We will report on the success of the grant on our
blog and mention the PSF as providing the grant. The PSF will receive
an email pointing to the blog posting once it is published.

Preferred Method of Funds Delivery: NumFOCUS (http://numfocus.org/),
which is registered as a 501(c)3 non-profit, has agreed to handle
donations and disbursements on our behalf.  Should this grant be
approved, Leah Silen <leah@numfocus.org> will provide details on
funds transfer.
