We are organizing a meeting in Boulder in June 2015 of grassroots
groups that are trying to fix the tech sectorâ€™s diversity problem.
Whether they focus on women, racial minorities, the elderly, LGBT
individuals, or people with disabilities, their goal is to give people
the skills, connections, and mentoring they need to get in and stay
in.

This meeting will give representatives of these groups a chance to
share ideas and make connections through lightning talks,
demonstration lessons, and tutorials on non-profit governance,
fundraising, and how to help people move from workshops to
contributing to open source projects and getting hired.

Our goal is to raise $40K to help cover attendees' travel costs.  We
currently have $15K pledged, and another $12.5K in the works, so we
were hoping that [NAME] would be willing to support this as well.  We
think we could do a lot of good by helping people discover that they
don't need to reinvent all these wheels themselves, and by giving them
a chance to meet people like you and your colleagues.

If this sounds interesting, we'd welcome a chance to chat.

Best regards,
[NAME]

p.s. The organizers include Lukas Blakk (founder of the Ascend
project), Leigh Honeywell (of the Ada Initiative), Mike Hoye (Firefox
Engineering Community Manager at Mozilla), Cindee Madison (leading the
Women in Technology program at NumFOCUS), Elizabeth Patitsas (a
graduate student at the University of Toronto who is studying the
effectiveness of programs to increase diversity in tech), and Greg
Wilson (Executive Director of the Software Carpentry Foundation).
